hey youtube this is free palette for me
and today I have a short video on how to
get Siri on your iPhone 4 i'm not sure
if it works on the ipod touch 4g but it
works fully on the iphone 4 um this
video is the thanks goes to lizards 821
I found it from him and I'm just going
to show you how to get it please do this
at your own risk i'm not responsible if
your iDevice gets messed up and I'm let
me show you that see you yrics before
that this is an iphone 4 for those of
you who do not know the difference
between iphone 4 and 4s you can search
it on google ok Oh how's the weather
today
sorry I'm not sure what you said well
sure yeah probably a hundred camera
how's the weather today here's the
weather for today okay as you see here's
the weather who is steve jobs let me
think i found this for you mmm this
tells you everything you need to know
about the jobs search for facebook sorry
Omar I can't help you with Facebook
search facebook on safari searching the
web for facebook
and there you have it okay to get this
you're going to need a jailbroken
idevice i have a video on how to get it
so you can watch that once you jailbreak
your idevice go into cydia and you're
going to search for aspire it's in the
bigboss repo and it's free so you do not
have to pay anything you're going to
download spire and install it after that
your device is going to reboot once your
device reboots go into settings and
scroll down until you find C Spire
you're going to have to enter our proxy
I've i have a link this property is in
the description below now for the
currently working proxies you're going
to have to insert something call the CRT
oh you're going to have to enable Siri
from general and Cirie and you're going
to have to turn it on okay now for the
CRT you're going to go into safari so
open a new page and you're going to have
to enter this link I'll have it in the
description I mean yeah although I de
HTTP dot Siri dash B H dot no I know
dash IP org slash blog dash for dot CRT
for those of you who can't see I'm gonna
have a description like I said and once
you have that down hit go and this is
what you're going to get it's going to
tell you this is not just it like I said
do this Joe and risk I'm not responsible
if anything happens you're going to hit
install I would have installed once that
you should have see everything on your
idevice
thanks and please comment for anything
ask any question great give it a thumbs
up if you like this video and subscribe
to my channel I should have an iphone 4s
and iPad to untethered jailbreak as soon
as I can but since it's only out for mac
and I have a Windows now so i'm waiting
till the windows comes out peace